Is your ass jealous of the amount of shit that just came out of your mouth?
Two wrongs don't make a right, take your parents as an example.
If I wanted to kill myself I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass.
You're so old that he gets nostalgic when he sees the Neolithic cave paintings.
Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.
Yo're so ugly, when your mom dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
It's better to let someone think you are an Idiot than to open your mouth and prove it.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
The only way you'll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait.
You're proof that god has a sense of humor.
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
If ignorance is bliss, you must be the happiest person on earth.
It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a hammer.
I wasn't born with enough middle fingers to let you know how I feel about you.
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
What language are you speaking? Cause it sounds like bullshit.
Hey, you have something on your chin... no, the 3rd one down.
If I had a face like yours, I'd sue my parents.
You are proof that evolution CAN go in reverse.
So, a thought crossed your mind? Must have been a long and lonely journey.
You're so fake, Barbie is jealous.
Don't you love nature, despite what it did to you?
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
You do realize makeup isn't going to fix your stupidity?
I'm jealous of all the people that haven't met you!
I would love to insult you... but that would be beyond the level of your intelligence.
There's only one problem with your face, I can see it.
Shock me, say something intelligent.
Hell is wallpapered with all your deleted selfies.
How many times do I have to flush before you go away?
Aha, I see the Fuck-Up Fairy has visited us again!
I don't think you are stupid. You just have a bad luck when thinking.
A parent's job is basically a daily struggle to help a crazy person stay alive.
You are so ugly when you looked in the mirror your reflection walked away.
Keep talking, someday you'll say something intelligent!
Whats the difference between your girlfriend and a walrus? One has a moustache and smells of fish and the other is a walrus.
Calling you an idiot would be an insult to all stupid people.
You so ugly when who were born the doctor threw you out the window and the window threw you back.
I would ask you how old you are but I know you can't count that high.
Support bacteria - they're the only culture some people have.
I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.
I may love to shop but I'm not buying your bullshit.
Which sexual position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mother.
You are living proof that manure can sprout legs and walk.
You're so ugly, you scared the crap out of the toilet.
I love what you've done with your hair. How do you get it to come out of the nostrils like that?
It's not often that one gets the opportunity to speak about someone intelligent, respected and admired. Unfortunately tonight I have to talk about (NAME).
I'm glad to see you're not letting your education get in the way of your ignorance.
You're like school in the summertime - no class.
Brains aren't everything. In your case they're nothing.
I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.
We all sprang from apes, but you didn't spring far enough.
If I wanted to hear from an asshole, I'd fart.
Stupidity is not a crime so you are free to go.
As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
You sound reasonable. It must be time to up my medication!
I'd like to see things from your point of view, but I can't seem to get my head that far up your ass.
If bullshit could float...you'd be the Admiral of the fleet!
I must have a nice butt, because, everytime I'm walking away from talking to someone they say "What an ass?"
I'm multi-talented: I can talk and piss you off at the same time.
Shut up, you'll never be the man your mother is.
What's the difference between a politician and a flying pig? The letter F.
You are so old, when you were a kid rainbows were black and white.
We can always tell when you are lying. Your lips move.
You're about as useless as an asshole with tastebuds.
Karma takes too long, I'd rather beat the shit out of you just now.
Ever since I saw you in your family tree I've wanted to cut it down.
What would you call a woman who goes out with You? Desperate!
Ordinarily people live and learn. You just live.
I was going to give him a nasty look, but he already had one.
It's scary to think that people like you are graduating from college.
Oh, what? Sorry. I was trying to imagine you with a personality.
You've got two brain cells: one is in a wheelchair and the other one is pushing.
You're so fat, you could sell shade.
I believe in respect for the dead; in fact, I could only respect you if you WERE dead.
No, those pants don't make you look fatter. I mean, how could they?
Whatever kind of look you were going for, you missed.
Its girls like u that cause global warming!
He's a few clowns short of a circus.
Your momma is so mean... she has no standard deviation.
You should need a license to be that ugly.
He's as sharp as a bowling ball.
Why women never fart when your dating? They don't have an ass hole till after they are married.
Roses are red violets are blue, God made me pretty, what happened to you?
I'm experiencing heavy call volumes. Please hang up and never call me again.
One-liner has 58.07 % from 41 votes. Vote:+1-1Tags: hate, insultsTweet
You want an insult? Right, look at the mirror.
You're so poor that when you light up a Lucifer, the cockroaches celebrate that they finally have central heating.
I'm black in complexion, not dark in color.
You so fat that when you stepped onto a scale it said. Bitch I never asked for your phone number.
Are your parents siblings?
You're so fat that your husband rolled over after sex, rolled over again and was STILL on top of you.
I got in a fight one time with a really big guy, and he said, "I'm going to mop the floor with your face." I said, "You'll be sorry." He said, "Oh, yeah? Why?" I said, "Well, you won't be able to get into the corners very well."
If what you don't know can't hurt you, you're invulnerable.
You stare at frozen juice cans because they say, "concentrate".
For those who never forget a face, you are an exception.
How are you related to the sun? Because your teeth are the same colour as it.
You are not even beneath my contempt.
You are so dimwitted even the blackhole night sky looks brighter than you.
Where does a cracker meet his future wife? Family reunion.
When some one told you that you have jelly rolls, you tried to eat yourself but your fat body stopped you from doing so.
If your coworker has a picture of herself and her dog labeled "Beauty and the Beast" you shouldn't ask her which one is which.
I haven't been ignoring you; I've been prioritizing you.
So sorry I asked if your makeup was by Picasso.
Why don´t women have men´s brains? Because they don't have penises to put them in
The best thing about women is how they can tell you what you really mean when you say something...
How do you starve a black man? Put his food stamps in his work boots.
Q: What's the difference between England and a teabag? A: A teabag could stay in the cup for longer.
What do you call a white person running down a hill? An avalanche. What do you call a mexican running down the hill? A mudslide. What do you call a black person running down the hill? Prison break.
What did God say when he saw the first black person? Ooops, I burnt one!
Does your train of thought have a caboose?
Welcome to Twitter - if you are not already following a mom who drinks wine one will be assigned to you.
Loltard: Someone who uses 'lol' too much.
What does an Ethiopian family look like? A barcode.
You: "Is there 22 letters in the alphabet..." Them: "No there is 26..." You: "Sorry I forgot U R Q T"
I have more talent in my smallest fart than you have in your entire body.
Whenever I see you there is a smile on my face. And by smile I meant I laugh.
She's so fat that she ran down the street chasing a yellow school bus thinkg it was the largest twinkey ever.
Do you want to see something stupid? Look in the mirror!
You're the reason why women earn 75 cents to the dollar.
You better hope you marry rich.
You so ugly on Halloween someone said scary costume.
You know, you're not that bad looking -- for a fat-ass.
If I got a penny for everyone I've met who is as beautiful as you, I'd have all the money in the world.
What's a word that begins with a N and ends with a R you never want to call a black person? Neighbor.
She's so ugly, the fell out of the ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down.
You're so fat you tried to eat Eniemen at the Grammies.
You might be a crack head... If your dog weighs more than you do... Here's your sign.
What do you call a porn star with a little dick? White!
You're riding the crest of a slump?
I may not have a dick but you're a massive one!
Roses are red. Violets are blue. Retard shit is green.
What's the difference between Jews and a pizza? It's okay to burn a Jew!
I'm just a burned out bulb on the billboard of life.
She's so wrinkled, her mother was a Shar Pei.
Why don't black people have dreams? Look what happened to the last one who did.
Why are the palms of black people white? Because there's a little bit of good in everybody.
She's as smart as bait.
How many police officers does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None, they just beat the room for being black.
New hangout for white racist... is in a box of crackers.
What's the difference between a black dude and a park bench. A park bench can support a family of four.
Jesus loves you, but everyone else thinks you're an asshole.
My friend's friend is my friend. My friend's girlfriend is my friend. My friend's boyfriend is just a scum.
What do you call a black man with red teeth? Knight rider.
What color is a Nigger after you run him over with the truck? Flat black.
Your mama got a eye in her ass talking about I see that shit.
A black man, a Muslim and Mexican jump off a building, who wins? Society.
Whats black and brown and looks good on a black guy? A Rottweiler.
Why don't black people listen to country music? Because when they hear hoe down they think their sister has been shot.
What do you call 1000 Mexicans at the bottom of the sea? A good start. What do you call 1000 black people at the bottom of the sea? An even better start.
A Mexican, a black boy, and a white boy, they are all in the first grade, which one has the biggest peter? The black boy because he's 17.
How do you get a nun pregnant? Dress her up as an alter boy.
Your mother so old she breast milk turn into powder milk.